In the future, scientists have secretly developed a way to give people cryokinetic powers (the power to create and move ice and snow), and Keith is one of the
first testers for this new power. Since this power is new and unknown to the public, Keith fears that if his powers are known to the world, he will be
labeled a freak and ostracized by society. Thus, he has kept his powers a secret from everyone, including his dear sister Kanna, by shutting himself in his
room and keeping his powers in check with a Chinese fingertrap. Unfortunately, at a large party, Keith's powers are revealed after Kanna asks for
Keith's approval to marry a man named Khans, and then bursts into an outrage when Keith rejects her request, citing that Kanna knows nothing about true love.
Kanna continues to pester him, until he accidentally reveals his powers to the whole party. In his panic, he runs out of the party and across a fjord (which
he freezes with his footsteps) to the mountains overlooking the party venue. On the mountain, liberated, Keith belts into song and constructs a giant binary
tree out of ice, with N (1 <= N <= 1500) nodes and decides to stay in it forever.

Meanwhile, Kanna, guilty about having caused Keith to run away, dashes off on her horse to find Keith, leaving Khans in charge of the party. Along her way,
she glances up at the mountain and sees a connected subtree of Keith's ice binary tree. She briefly wonders how many possible connected subtree she could
have seen, before continuing her trek up to Keith's mountain. Given a list of N lines that each describe a node of the tree as well as its children, please
compute the answer to Kanna's question. As the answer may be very large, provide the remainder of this number when divided by 1000000007 (10^9 + 7).

Input:

Line 1: An integer N describing the number of nodes in the tree.
Lines 2 - N+1: Each line is of the form "A B C", where B and C are the numbers of the left child and right child, respectively, of the node numbered A. If B = 0, then
A has no left child. Likewise, if C = 0, A has no right child. If B = C = 0, then A has no children. A, B, C are guaranteed to be between 1 and N, inclusive. The parent
node of the first line is guaranteed to be the root of the tree.

Output:

One line that contains the remainder of X mod 10^9 + 7, where X is the number of connected subtrees of the tree described by the lines in the input. Note that the subtrees
may have a root that is not the root of the whole tree, or that the subtrees may be only one node.